README.md, before:

# vislib
Web app for creating your own collection of references to practice drawing from.

## Inspiration

[QuickPoses](https://quickposes.com/) is effectively what I am aiming at, but free, no signup, and providing tools to create a repo of images. There doesn't appear to be many web apps that allow for this within a few google/bing searches.

## Planned Features

1. Different practice modes (timed, iterative, free-form...)
3. Drag-and-drop images from other sites in the library
4. Support for albums
5. Annotating and creating sub-regions in an image (like focusing on a hand in a full-body pose) and deriving albums that way.
6. Exporting and backing up images
7. Mobile/Tablet responsiveness

### Nice to haves
1. Support a simple drawing interface to allow users to draw from mobile/tablet.
2. A "marketplace" for photos, like the other sites. At least a directory to other sites.
3. importing sketches and playing them back to see improvement over time.
4. Access to cloud services for storage

Commit message:

fix(image gallery): issues with bouncing on hover

README.md, after:

# vislib
Web app for creating your own collection of references to practice drawing from.
<img width="1347" alt="image" src="https://github.com/MiguelAGuerrero/vislib/assets/24864393/fab20003-8b67-4502-a258-f10b41fac237">

## Inspiration

[QuickPoses](https://quickposes.com/) is effectively what I am aiming at, but free, no signup, and providing tools to create a repo of images. There doesn't appear to be many web apps that allow for this within a few google/bing searches.

## Overall Idea

The app will mainly manage URLs, with the possible option to save images to disk. Users can pull from different websites like pinterest, tumblr, etc, or image search engines.

## Planned Features

1. Different practice modes (timed, iterative, free-form...)
3. Drag-and-drop images from other sites in the library
4. Support for albums
5. Annotating and creating sub-regions in an image (like focusing on a hand in an otherwise full-body pose) and creating sessions from them.
6. Exporting and backing up images
7. Mobile/Tablet responsiveness

### Nice to haves
1. Support a simple drawing interface to allow users to draw from mobile/tablet.
2. A "marketplace" for photos, like the other sites. At least a directory to other sites.
3. Uploading sketches and playing them back to see improvement over time.
4. Access to cloud services for backing-up local environments.
